numerous small nits after runthrough (#18)
balena-io/services-masterclass: README.md

sort of diff mechanism (that is, any file hierarchy data written to the volume
is always available in that hierarchy).

> For single service applications (eg. non-multicontainer applications without

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For single service applications (e.g. non-multicontainer applications without
```
We don't have a style guide so 🤷‍♂ but e.g. would be preferable if we had one :)

Author: Updated!

To do this, we're going to remove host network access from the `frontend`
service to allow external incoming network traffic into it, as well as ensure

> only incoming requests from the same bridge (eg. the `frontend` service) are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only incoming requests from the same bridge (i.e. the `frontend` service) are
```
nit but I'd say i.e. is the right use there as we are referring to the actual `frontend` service here.

Author: Yeah, fair enough. I kind of assumed they were interchangeable, but after closer examination `i.e.` is "in other words" and `e.g.` is "for example" :)
